School of the Ebon Mausoleum
Situated in Mechitar, Geb's capital, the Ebon Mausoleum is not only a seat of power for many Blood Lords, but also one of the most reputable schools of necromancy on the continent. Though this college is ancient and mostly interested in "traditional" necromancy, clever students and researchers often propel the field forward using new methodologies.

Theme I was going for
A classical necromancy school made in the image of (and taught by) upper class vampires, ghosts and skeletons.
A mix of physical, mental, void and death effects, frightened condition.

Curriculum

cantrips: Daze, Torturous Trauma

1st: Fear, Flense, Summon Undead

2nd: Bone Spray, False Vitality

3rd: Bind Undead, Rouse Skeletons

4th: Enervation, Talking Corpse

5th: Death Ward, Invoke Spirits

6th: Awaken Entropy, Vampiric Exsanguination

7th: Mask of Terror, Tempest of Shades

8th: Boil Blood, Disappearance

9th: Weird

School Spells initial: Charming Push; advanced: Spiral of Horrors




School of the Twilight Sages
Yled is home to a number of important necromantic colleges, the most well-known being the Mortuarium. The twilight sages there carry out experiments on flesh and bone, seeking to unlock the secrets of life and death. While the twilight sages generally aren’t actively malicious, most are willing to perform human experimentation in pursuit of knowledge with little regard for the casualties.

Theme I was going for
Horrific transmutations, twisted flesh and bone, body horror, tentacles.
A mix of enhancing and enfeebling effects, acid damage, sickened condition.

Curriculum

cantrips: Gouging Claw, Take Root

1st: Ant Haul, Enfeeble, Gritty Wheeze

2nd: Brine Dragon Bile, Enlarge

3rd: Paralyze, Stinking Cloud

4th: Mountain Resilience, Life-Draining Roots

5th: Grisly Growths, Black Tentacles

6th: Cursed Metamorphosis, Disintegrate

7th: Corrosive Body, Hungry Depths

8th: Desiccate, Monstrosity Form

9th: Implosion

School Spells initial: Scramble Body; advanced: Shifting Form

School of the Twilight Sages
Transmutation
    Enlarge, Mountain Resilience, Grisly Growths, Cursed Metamorphisis, Monstrosity Form, Shifting Form, Scramble Body
    Dessicate, Life-Draining Roots
???
    Black Tentacles, Implostion, Paralyze, Brine Dragon Bile

Acid
    Corrosive Body, Stinking Cloud, Brine Dragon Bile, Dessicate, Disintegrate
Fleshwarping
    Grisly Growths, Cursed Metamorphosis, Paralyze, Mountain Resilience, Life-Draining Roots, Ant Haul, Enfeeble, Enlarge
Tentacles
    Life-Draining Roots, Black Tentacles
???
    Hungry Depths,  Gritty Wheeze, Implosion

School of the Tenebrous Beyond
One of the more practical, militaristic branches among the Yled magical schools, the Tenebrous Beyond was given the mandate of studying the type of planar magic favored by Nex himself in order to develop suitable countermeasures against Nexian armies and spellcasters.

Theme I was going for
Magic grounded in darkness and shadows, focused on negating the opponent's tactical advantage.
A mix of force spells, illusions, terrain control and strong defenses.

Curriculum

cantrips: Phase Bolt, Shield

1st: Force Barrage, Illusory Object, Mystic Armor

2nd: Dispel Magic, See the Unseen

3rd: Gravity Well, Shadow Projectile

4th: Flicker, Resilient Sphere

5th: Banishment, Shadow Siphon

6th: Ravenous Darkness, Teleport

7th: Eclipse Burst, Planar Seal

8th: Falling Sky, Hidden Mind

9th: Foresight

School Spells initial: Force Bolt; advanced: Dimensional Steps


School of the Tenebrous Beyond
Iconic:
    Force, Planar
Illusions
    Illusory Object, Shadow Projectile
Shadow
    Shadow Projectile, Shadow Siphon, Ravenous Darkness, Eclipse Burst
Divination
    Foresight, See the Unseen
Force/Gravity
    Force Barrage, Gravity Well, Resilient Sphere, Faling Sky (mb Phase Bolt), Force Bolt
Abjruation
    Resilient Sphere, Hidden Mind, Planar Seal, Dispel Magic, Mystic Armor, Shield
Planar
    Banishment, Teleport, Planar Seal, Flicker, Dimenonsial Steps


Iconic:
    Compulsion, Fear
Enchanment
    Fear, Charming Push, Daze, Mask of Terror, Spiral of Horros
Illusion
    Disappearance
Necromancy
    Summon Undead,  Rouse Skeeltons, 
    Invoke Spirits, Tempest of Shades
    Bind Undead,
    Bone Spray, 
    Enervation
    False Vitality, 
    Death Ward
    Awaken Entropy, Vampiric Exsanguination, Weird
???
    Boil Blood



School Erudition Zones
School of Tenebrous Beyond
Shadowed Reality
    Shade
        Shadow
        Illusion
    Reality
        Force
        Gravity
    Intersection
        Planar

School of the Ebon Mausoleum
Ebon Mausoleum
    Vampiric Magic
        Charm
        Fear
    Mortem Anima
        Corporeal
        Hungry - Creation of physical need undead (vampire, ghoul, etc)
        Incorporeal - Creation of incorporeal undead
    Necromantic Combat
        Wrath Necromancy - direct damage and death effects
        Drain Necromancy - indirect damage (stat, negative level, etc.)

Ebon Mausoleum
    Vampire Magic
        Charm
        Fear
    Mortem
        Skeletal
        Vampiric
        Spirit

    